# Peeps!

This dApp allows users to mint and interact with Peeps NFTs.

Site (Polygon): https://peepsnft.vercel.app/

Site for testing (Mumbai): https://peepsnft-mumbai.vercel.app/

## About Peeps 

This NFTs have 3 properties:

  1. They are on-chain. No ipfs. The image is SVG, which is generated by the contract.
  2. They are dynamic. Peeps change depending on time.
  3. They have different functionality at different stages.

## Stages

Peeps have 4 different stages:

  - *Kid*: the first stage. The owner or approved users can change the name of their Peep. Duration: 2-4 hours.
  - *Adult*: two Peeps can breed and make a new one.
    Or the owner can allow other users to use their Peep to breed, the owner will get `30%` of the breeding fee.
    Each Peep can breed 3 times, no limits: any Peep can breed with any. There is `0.5%` chance to breed twins (this counts as 1 breed).
    The newborn kid gets one of the parents body colors and the other's eye colors. Duration: 2-4 weeks.
  - *Old*: the owner can gift a hat to their Peep's grandkid. You don't need to own grandkids.
    Grandkids can't remove the hat (If grandpa gives you something, you have to wear it 🙃). Duration: 20-40 hours.
  - *Dead*: when a Peep dies, the owner can bury them. Duration: forever.

There is no limit for breeding Peeps, but there can only be 20 minted Peeps alive.
If the contract minted 20 Peeps, while they are alive, you can only get new Peeps by breeding.

## Acknowledgment 

Frontend built with [Scaffold-Eth 2](https://github.com/scaffold-eth/scaffold-eth-2).
